	Pleier awakens in a dark forest.  Where am I, what happened It thinks to itself as it takes in the surroundings.   Suddenly a burst of lightning Annhihilates a massive oak.  Tha was random it thinks to itself.  It wanders off and recalls that its friend were attacked  in these woods they must have gotten separated.   It is a part of an elite mercenary team who were hired to capture or kill the beast that has been terrorizing the nearby town.  It thinks to itself, where is everyone as it travels through the narrow path in the forest.  It comes to a split in the path.  Is it’s friends down one of these paths? It must choose which way to go.   

	It finds its friend, and explains one of there friends whent the other way and the other two were further ahead. They had a slight encounter with the beast and then the beast disappeared into the shadows of the forest.  They were now tracking it.  He explains that some of the team went up ahead and says you should go find them, but to be careful  because the beast might be  that way, and give it an item to aid it along the way. It continues down the path.  
	
The friend is being watched, and from the shadows is killed is a horrific scene.

	As it proceeds down the path, it hears screams from where its friend went.  It runs back and finds the friend quite dead, the beast was here yet there is no sign except the corpse.  It must carry on.  It comes to another fork, and hears screams coming from both direction.  Its friends needs help it assumes but must choose which way to go first.

	Pleier goes down one of the paths and finds  one of its friends gathering himself.  He explains that he was fighting the beast but it escaped as Pleier approached.  Pleier explains that one of their group has died.  He pauses, then says Wwe must kill the beast to avenge him.”  He tells Pleier to try to find the beast further down the path and he will grab one of the others to help.

	As Pleier leaves, the teammate is attacked and brutally killed 

	Pleier advances down the path, but then he hears struggling from he  came from.  If goes back from whence it came, and sees a shadow over his friend, but then awakens in a dark forest.  “What just happened?  Was that a dream?"  Suddenly a burst of lightning Annhihilates a massive oak.  "Impossible, it's just like that time.  Is this another chance. I need to find my friends.  Right now.”    Pleier charges forward.  “If I find my other friend we should able to kill the beast without losing anyone. So it goes down the path less taken.  
	It finds it’s other friend who explains he just saw the beast,but it just disappeared from view.  Pleier explains they need to help there teammate fast, a quick strategy is devised to split up and hit the position with a pincer maneuver.  You split up.

	Again Pleier’s friend is killed.

 	Pleier hears its friend calling for help. It doubles back and finds the remains of its Friend. Then hears calls for help, he went forward. As it approaches it sees the beast strike his friend down.  It immediatly attacks but then wakes up,  in a dark forest. Suddenly a burst of lightning Annhihilates a massive oak.
 Pleier then devises a plan to use its friend tools to save them all and finally kill the beast.  And it worked until that Last part.  The Beast revealed itself to be Pleier and then killed him.

	Wizard scenario. The wizard gives player a wand and teaches him a simple fire spell to aid him.  Then when Pleier leaves the Beast approaches. And the wizard throws a giant Ice Spike  spell at the Werewolf but then Werewolf lets loose an enormous inferno and kills him.
